hi beautiful people I'm here to review
this
if you want to check it out stay tuned
hi so today i have the bang thing by
sassy collection platinum one hundred
percent human hair clip on bang
extension and it's number two dark brown
this is the package serve out the glare
i got this for 1299 at Sally's Beauty
Supply and the reason why i bought it
was just one hundred percent human here
i thought you know it's a 1299 you know
what could what could go wrong right so
anyway I've seen tons of human hair
bangs but none for 1299 I've seen them
from 70 to one hundred and fifty dollars
which to me is kind of crazy just for
bangs so these are a hundred percent
human hair and I'm wearing them right
now and um okay so i added some pieces
to it but this is what the top looks
like it's got three clips so when i
first got them they look like this
and then i altered it
okay so they were just like this minus
the long pieces so it was basically like
a pretty thick side sweet bang what I
did was because I have long hair I
actually added there's a hundred percent
human hair silky straight I don't know
how long it is and what I did was I
sewed it in I sewed it with these fangs
like I lift it up some of the tracks and
just so did it in my hand the back looks
like this and the clips um there's two
clips at the base and one at the top the
problem with this design is the clips
are all going in this direction so if
anybody was to swipe at your head which
don't get into a fight if you're wearing
clip-on bags but anyway the clips are
going in the same direction they could
come off what I don't understand is why
didn't they make the clips go in one one
direction one way and then at the top go
another direction kind of like how the
Jessica Simpson bangs are anyway these
are human hair so you can dye them and
curl it you know the quality of hair is
pretty good there's minimal shedding it
is very thick though if your hair is
fine um this wouldn't work for you and
also I did put in lighter wisps on the
side because I wanted to add highlights
to my hair with the bank so this kind of
gives me highlights as well as a bang so
to clip it in
you can trim it I guess it is sort of
meant to be worn as a side bang let's
see it kind of adds like an instant
highlight just at the front
so if if you have thin hair or the hair
texture and the hair colored doesn't
match you know this doesn't match but I
added that but if the bang part doesn't
match it's going to look like you're
wearing a toupee but if you if the bank
part pretty much matches your color I
think you can get away with it and then
you have to kind of smooth it down but
this is what it looks like on the top if
you have a problem blending it I would
suggest you wear a headband if you think
it you know doesn't match it kind of
hides the scene right there um if you
have black hair you can wear black
headband via brown or blonde hair I
think a tortoiseshell is pretty which
kind of blends with your hair so it's
you know there's less of a seam there so
this is the human hair bang I think it's
okay um for 1299 human hair you know you
can thin it out a little bit if it's too
thick and you cut it blunt if you like
but is meant to be sort of a size food
like the picture they've gone down
significantly they used to be 24 99 so
now they're 1299 for human hair I do
recommend it so these have been altered
I did kind of cut them if you're going
to trim the bangs don't trim it with
your hair down I've heard of nightmares
where people trimmed clip on bangs with
their own hair down and the whole point
of getting clip on bangs is not to trim
bangs but they ended up trimming bangs
because they were trying to make the
fake bangs blend with their own hair so
it's cute you know you can diet curling
iron it flat iron it and the highlights
i put in also hundred percent human ear
for a hundred percent human hair i think
this is a good buy why not
thanks for watching we'll see you real
soon stay beautiful bye